hi human, welcome to my site of operations. i will give you a quick walk around and if you will be intrested in visiting my planet for more fanciful futuristic(at least on earth) ypu may fill out the form below.

planet of birth
request information for
year of birth(please use eath's)

poll, did u like your walk around the station?

setting up a server for front end testing,,,,find out p364

the UNIX mantra: “Do the simplest thing that
could possibly work.”

Poem for Nancy

Random Thoughts at strike One.pm
He panicks as though the world just declared its end
His heart pummets faster than a techno beat
Alas his youth was revived, no..., not that it was gone
it was just hibernating at a pathetic state if i say so myself

She smiles, her full sensual lips forming a curve
Her eyes like sunlight upon water glint a bright reflection
The effects she has on him she knows so well
And yet like him, she has no control over it, nature has taken over.

They stare at each other across the room
The chemistry a lot more explosive than chernobyll ever was
he steals a glimpse and catches her staring back, she smiles
Giggles a bit and gets back to her machine

The lad stares on, encouraged that she is subconscious of his stare
She angles her head and rubs the back of her neck. suggestions perhaps?
He with a maniacal stare just adoring the beauty of the scene
His fingers ache and his lips quiver, "why so close yet so far, he ponders"

Ancient lores of Shakespearian sonnets doth nothing to aid him
Like a lost goat he stares blankly at her turned back
At least goats dont have codes of conduct, he thinks to himself
But then again, patience is a virtue he thinks he has

She is a tease, She knows that and smiles at the thought
Though occasionally she doth wonder, beauty and the beast not the case
But march on he still does, despite the strong protest she puts on
At the bottom of her heart she knows he wont give up
And that simple thought she smiles coz maybe, she doesnt
Want him to, but also, she wants him to
confusion galore, maniacs aboard

 It reads like poetry written by someone over thirty.
 This is what it is to learn programming. You get to know your useful tools, then you look around, and there are some handy new tools nearby and those tools show you the bottomless horror that was always right next to your bed.
  Why do we tell you to turn it off and on again? Because we don't have the slightest clue what's wrong with it, and it's really easy to induce coma in computers and have their built-in team of automatic doctors try to figure it out for us. The only reason coders' computers work better than non-coders' computers is coders know computers are schizophrenic little children with auto-immune diseases and we don't beat them when they're bad.
  Websites that are glorified shopping carts with maybe three dynamic pages are maintained by teams of people around the clock, because the truth is everything is breaking all the time, everywhere, for everyone. 

   I haven't even mentioned the legions of people attacking various parts of the internet for espionage and profit or because they're bored. Ever heard of 4chan? 4chan might destroy your life and business because they decided they didn't like you for an afternoon, and we don't even worry about 4chan because another nuke doesn't make that much difference in a nuclear winter.

   We didn't start out crazy, we're being driven crazy
   You have not yet spent so much of your life reading code that you begin to talk in it.

   Doing this all day leaves you in a state of mild aphasia as you look at people's faces while they're speaking and you don't know they've finished because there's no semicolon.

    You immerse yourself in a world of total meaninglessness where all that matters is a little series of numbers went into a giant labyrinth of symbols and a different series of numbers or a picture of a kitten came out the other end.

    All programmers are forcing their brains to do things brains were never meant to do in a situation they can never make better, ten to fifteen hours a day, five to seven days a week, and every one of them is slowly going mad.